\documentclass{article}
\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}

\begin{document}

\section{Description of the developed functionalities - group 1}

We extended an already existing functionality, namely the Logger. Originaly the name of the logfiles were not very clear, for example 'BW4T748554815099389365.txt’. These names are not giving the users any information about what they’ve logged. Now the logfiles get the name of the date and time when the server is started. The format equals 'BW4t-year-month-day-hour.minute.second.log’, an example of a name of a log file: 'BW4T-2014-06-20-10.47.54.log’. 
When pushing the reset button there will appear a new sequence and the client needs to be restarted. The already existing log file will get a .1 after .log, when the reset button is pushed again, this .1 will turn into a .2. So when having multiple logfiles with same timestamp, the oldest logfiles will have the highest numbers. Within the logfile we added a timestamp as well. Every time something is logged, the time of logging will be added.
At the end of the file a summary will be logged. Originally, the time that the sequence was finish was logged, but if you wanted to know how much time it took to complete the sequence you had to calculate it yourself. Now we log the total time it took to complete the sequence. When it took more than a minute to finish the sequence, the total minutes and seconds will be logged. If it took less than a minute the seconds and milliseconds will be logged. Furthermore the original logfiles always mentioned that the type of a bot was unknown. Now the handicaps will be printed. If a bot has no handicaps, the logger will log ‚none’ for handicaps. An other issue was that the original logger did not log the amount of room entries per bot correctly. When a bot entered a room, the logger registered that the bot entered that room more than 10 times. When the bot left the room the logger also registered that the bot entered that room. We fixed this and now the number of rooms entered is correct.

\end{document}